The next couple of exercises will give you some hands on
experience with a few different HTTP requests.
You need to determine if the request is preflighted or not.
And if it is preflighted,
which line causes it to be preflighted?
So launch the server and then reconstruct this request in the fetch tool.
Use Dev tools to see that some requests are executed right away,
while others send a preflight request.
You'll know it's been preflighted if it uses the "Options" method.
Play around with the requests until you figure out
what makes the browser preflight the request.
If the method "GET" line causes the request to be preflighted, then check here.
If the request isn't provided at all, then check here.